<b>AGContacts</b> - phone dialer and manager of Contacts, Favorites and Call Log with the support modern Dual SIM phones. Fully customizable user interface, logic and behavior of the program. This is the best dialer for Android according to the majority of users who use it! Try and join :)

<b>Main features:</b>

<b>1. Core functions</b>
— set as "Phone app" by default (Default Phone app)
— own Screens during calls (InCallUI)
— display of the list of all contacts (Contacts mode)
— display of the list of all calls in the call log (History mode)
— display of the list of all favorite contacts (Favorites mode)
— display of the list of all numbers of the selected contact (to select the number to make the call)
— selecting a SIM card to make a call to the selected number (Dual SIM devices)
— making outgoing calls to the selected number (with the ability to save the choice of SIM card for DualSIM devices)
— search for contacts and phone numbers in the lists (full-text search, T9 search, voice search)
— quick navigation in lists (alphabetically, by dates, by organizations, etc.)
— adding, deleting and editing contacts (through the built-in Contacts app)
— adding, deleting and editing contact groups
— adding and deleting contacts to Favorites
— displaying speed dial numbers on the dial pad
— adding and removing speed dial numbers (from lists or manually)
— adding numbers to call blocking (from lists or manually)
— deleting selected calls from the call log
— deleting all calls from the call log for the selected number or contact
— setting filtering the list of contacts (all, from contacts groups, from selected accounts)
— setting filtering the call log  (all, missed, incoming, outgoing)
— setting filtering the list of favorites contacts (starred, frequently contacted, etc.)
— setting sorting in lists (alphabetically, by company, by days, etc.)
— setting the displayed contact fields in the lists (Name, Photo, Phones, etc.)
— setting the list view (direct/reverse display order, number of columns, etc.)
— setting contact search fields (Name, Phones, Note, etc.)
— viewing detailed information about the selected contact (Contact Information)
— viewing the full call history for the selected contact or number (Calls information)
— displaying of the built-in "Contact card" for the selected contact (with messengers, etc.)
— displaying notifications about missed calls (with the ability to call back, etc.)
— setting up vibration patterns for various types of calls (accepted, rejected, answered, etc.)
— support own homescreen widgets "Quick call" (with the choice contact or manually setting the desired number)
— support full backup and restore call log (including information about SIM-cards)
— automatic support for Talkback service for the visually impaired

<b>2. Additional functions</b>
— blocking incoming calls from selected numbers (Blacklist for spam blocking)
— innovative subsystem "Direct call" to simplify making calls (automatic or manual selection of numbers for making a call with fixed buttons Call at the bottom)
— dialing rules (number conversion, visual formatting of the dialed number, selection of a SIM card for Dual SIM devices)
— formatting rules (visual formatting of the displayed number, number conversion)
— creating and displaying today's contact events (birthdays, anniversaries, etc.)
— online catalogs of custom Configurations and Themes
— built-in catalog of 100 Themes for standard configuration

<b>3. Settings and options</b>
— fully customizable user interface (layouts, backgrounds, colors, fonts, sizes, etc.)
— fully customizable logic and behavior of the program (reaction to events, behavior in different situations, actions for gestures and clicks, etc.)
— total more than 3000 settings (!)

<b>4. Languages and devices</b>
— support for any smartphones on Android 4.0-9.0 with any resolutions and screen orientations
— support of most modern Dual SIM phones with 2 and 3 SIM-cards
— 5 user interface languages: English, German, Spanish, Ukrainian and Russian
— more than 20 languages for smart T9 search
